to a press conference by us hamdan from
Hamas he's a senior official speaking
from Beirut let's listen in heroic and
epic
battle our people in
Gaza present present a picture of Valor
and epic fighting especially the
fighters of alasam Brigade and other
resistance factions I pray to Allah that
Almighty the speedy
recovery of the
injured whom the
occupation uh started killing in
hospitals
deliberately bulldozing its buildings
and burying the injured under its Rubble
no doubt that the steadfastness of our
people in Gaza this epic stand is worthy
of commendation because with such
steadfastness Vic iies are made these
are the true makers of Victory who are
standing in the face of killing by
bombardment starvation and
thirst verses of the Quran has warned us
that such um that such conditions we
might
encounter we are all to Allah and to
Allah we shall return
prayers from Allah are upon such
people so prayers of Allah
on this patient people and these
fighting forces and the heroes of alasam
and Sara
fighters on the rock of these people the
plans will fall and be destroyed the
plans and the plus of the occupation
that Target our land and our people I
Leave You with video and images of the
pride as our Fighters are demonstrating
in Gaza and after that we shall
[Music]
continue away
har
[Music]
these These Are The Killers who are
being killed and slaughtered on the land
of
Gaza these are the women and killers of
women and children destroying hospitals
churches and
schools these people who whom the Sands
of Gaza would swallow as it has
swallowed um all Invaders so greetings
and salute to Gaza and its people and
salute to
our
Brave resistance onto the entire Gaza
Strip especially Mr Yahya
war and salute to the leadership of the
resistance especially Mr Muhammad Al and
to all the leadership of resistance and
fighters in Gaza as the Nazi occupation
continues its aggression against our
people for the
73rd day is they have intensified
committing massacr against unarmed
civilians displaced people hospitals and
the
injured with an American Support weapon
and
coverage as the scale of horrendous
massacres committed by the um
occupations military in and in the
vicinity of Kamal adwan hospital and
their crime of killing and
bulldozing um uh bu bulldozing injured
people while they are still alive and
the new Nazis have committed another
massacre in jabalia against unarmed
civilians and a massacre against the
family of Alor and alwan in jabalia
downtown 110 people were killed
including 50 Children and dozens of
misplaced people and this people have
barbar have attacked in a barbaric
fashion the entrance of alifa Hospital
killing and attacking children and women
uninjured as 26 people have been killed
from displaced people in the hospital
this occupation continues to bombard
besiege and destroys the schools that
hosts um hundreds of thousands of
displaced
people and revealing its
lies talking about safe zones in Gaza in
73 days in 73 days this occupation has
destroyed all the hospitals in the Gaza
Strip which are supposed to be the
source of survival for more than 2
million Palestinians rendering them out
of service they continue to bombard and
besiege and Destroy its infrastructure
arresting the medical staff
interrogating them under torture and
starvation
as as 38 as 38 medical staff including
Muhammad Abu s the director of Al shifa
Hospital who are still under
arrest during 73 days of this aggression
approximately
19,000 people have been killed and more
than
52,000 injured including women and
children destroying all
the
all all amenities and infrastructure and
this Nazi occupation still arrests
hundreds of our people including
women
subjecting them to barbaric uh torture
and many others are still under arrest
near the shba and near Jerusalem the
occupation through all this wants to
make Gaza an uh unlivable
Place Paving the way for displacement
and emptying and evacuating the Gaza STP
and but we say to Israel and its
supporters their recent visitor the US
Secretary of Defense this will not
happen as the prime minister of the
enemy is seeking
advice based on the um War experience of
the US Secretary of Defense we are
asking what kind of experience The
American Secretary of Defense are we
talking about the victories in Vietnam
or their victory in Afghanistan after 20
years the only experience shared by the
US to this Nazi army is killing women
and children and this destroying houses
hospitals and schools our people will
remain on their land because simply they
are the owners of the land and they are
the rightful people of the land and
and the displacement of people is a
culture is a culture of this entity of
this entity that was formed by importing
people from all around the world making
them and planting them in a land that
doesn't belong to them and now there is
a reverse migration as these people have
started to return to their original
homes as hundreds of thousands of
zionists have started after Al AA flood
and imposing such an experience on our
Palestinian people is a Folly and a
stupid inference they haven't considered
any difference between us and them we
are the owners of this land for
thousands of years they are the incoming
people they are being imposed on on our
land we are monitoring their reverse
migration through elat and akaba Port
returning to the various cities of the
world where they came from this Nazi
aggression wasn't limited to the Gaza
STP however they have extended such
aggression to all the cities and towns
of the West Bank and Jerusalem through
incursions
invasions and dding lands and targeting
the occcupation of the
resistance as the number of those people
arrest since the 7th of October amounts
to to
4,575 Citizens as 300 were killed at the
same time this is a clear message to
those who waged on settlement those who
waged on peace to be made by this
criminal enemy unfortunately I and it's
unfortunate that some still bet on
this before this magnitude and scale of
massacres and destruction in Gaza with
starvation and genocide being
perpetrated before the eyes of the
entire world we would like to confirm
the following that these crimes and
horrendous massacres are committed by
the Nazi occupation forces with full
American Support making the American
Administration and its president by
a primary partner in uh shedding our
Palestinian blood killing our children
and women and destroying all pillars of
livelihood in Gaza and this partnership
have consequences in
accountability this Nazi
military is targeting only unarmed
civilians systematically and
deliberately without any dis
discrimination
indiscriminately uh 75% of the people
killed or injured or injured are women
and
children this occupation has killed over
the past two days two Christian ladies
in the monastery in Gaza and have killed
a French
Palestinian Diplomat by targeting his
house in Gaza City may Allah bless their
souls second we call upon the United
Nations and Mr gues the Secretary
General to shoulder their responsibility
and continue to exercise all pressure to
stop this aggression and the Nazi crimes
committed against our people and to work
with the
countries rejecting this agression to
exercise pressure against the US
preventing the US from using their veto
in the security
Council third the United Nations and all
the humanitarian organizations around
the world they need to move rather
quickly to pressure to pressure the
occupation to reveal the fate of the
people who have been kidnapped from
Gaza and to release them immediately and
we on our part we hold the occupation
responsible for their safety and their
lives fourth we reiterate our call to
the leaders of Arab and Muslim Muslim
countries to break the US Israeli veto
and head towards the Gaza Strip with
delegations for official delegations
carrying with them all the aid needed
and saving the lives of more than 2
million Palestinian people who are being
killed by starvation and now they are
without any shelter without medication
without medicines forth the occupation
has failed has failed to accomplish any
of its objectives in
Gaza and Publishing images of
discovering a very long tunnel of alasam
Brigade after 72 days of aggression is
quiet too late as the mission has been
performed which we which we intended
from this
tunnel and Publishing such images only
an attempt to cover their failure on the
7th of October and their big losses
among their troops and military
equipment which will continue to
increase as long as they continue their
aggression in this context we would like
to confirm the following that the
Palestinian resistance especially alasam
brigades still manage this battle with
responsibility and with a capability
encountering and engaging With the Enemy
from close range and our missiles are
reaching the depth of the
Israeli um State we also confirm
that that our people steadfastness on
their
land and the continued strikes against
the occupations occupations troops and
their equipment will lead to the failure
of their attempts and plans to displace
people also we would like to confirm
that the US continued continued
accusation against alasam that we have
been the reason for foiling the truth is
only adopting the lies of the
occupation that no San individual would
believe and here we say clearly that the
occupation presence and their open war
against our people our land and our
sacri size for more than seven decades
is the only reason for what's happening
our struggle of our people shall
continue as long as this occupation is
on our land and no aggression will break
us and we shall not be defeated by the
already defeated will of the occupation
we would like to confirm that no
negotiations will be led for a prisoner
swab unless or until the the Zionist
aggression completely
stops we are open to any
initiative to seize and stop this
aggression which we might receive from
our brothers in Egypt or in C and we
will deal with it in line with the
steadfastness and the sacrifices of our
people and our vision for our
Palestinian national Vision the
occupation has failed completely to
Market their lies and
propaganda in the international media as
majority of their majority Publications
on
the that is Usama hamdan he's a senior
Hamas official giving a press briefing
from uh Beirut this is a regular press
briefing that Asama hamdan uh gives from
Lebanon what he said this time around is
uh that he's called on Arab leaders to
help deliver humanitarian Aid into Gaza
much needed humanitarian Aid as we know
uh as of today the death to in Gaza
stands at
19,43 Palestinians more than
7,700 of those have been children usam
hamdan also giving an update on uh the
alasam fighters on the ground uh saying
that uh they are determined and uh also
that the fighters on the ground are he's
praising the fighters on the ground
rather uh who are battling the Israeli
forces Let's uh bring in Sultan Barakat
once again he's a professor public polic
at Hamed bin Khalifa University joining
us here on set so um
Sultan just to uh pick up on what usam
hamdan was saying I mean he's praising
the alasam fighters on the ground today
we understand that the Israeli military
has uh announced the killing of two more
soldiers obviously we don't know the
exact number of soldiers that have been
killed uh from Israel because they they
don't announce the exact numbers but
they announced about 128 so far many
people
in Gaza okay many say that could in fact
be an
underestimate well obviously I mean the
system in Israel is slightly different
from the one in Hamas I mean they have
uh mechanism where they need to announce
the dead almost immediately and there's
pressure from their communities and
question be slightly more accurate right
but I what I did want to ask you is that
um the more Israeli soldiers get killed
and injured in Gaza the more pressure
there's going to be on the Netanyahu
government let's not underestimate 128
is very high for Israel Israel invaded
Lebanon for years and back with about 88
casualties so 20 128 in 73 days in fact
in less than 30 days since they started
their land aggression it's a very high
Coast for Israel and many of those are
senior off uh officers because the way
the Israeli Army operates they have
their officers right at the front so
it's it's a very
uh difficult situation for Israel yeah
okay uh let's talk about what we heard
earlier on uh in the show uh and that is
the uh us defense secretary who is who
was in Tel Aviv what was the takeaway
message from that do you
think well as as we were saying earlier
clearly the US is Keen uh on Israel to
become more precise and uh cause less uh
civilian
casualties uh they're very they're
probably also keen on as is to have a
plan for the day after the way they talk
about removing Hamas from governing Gaza
without coming up with the alternative
must be very worrying for the Americans
because it doesn't really resolve solve
the problem the Israelis are under the
illusion that what is problematic in uh
in Gaza is that the people don't love
the Israelis and they're taught to hate
the Israelis which is totally you know
uh unrealistic they they don't admit to
the uh fault of the occupation what that
does to the young people coming up uh
and as as such they they continue to
convince themselves that uh somehow if
they're able to win the hearts and minds
of the Palestinians at a later stage by
creating these safe zones right by
moving them from one area to the other
by allowing humanitarian assistance that
they can secure the the area and I think
that is something that is unacceptable
okay I'll just have to jump in there
because we're coming to the end of the
program thank you so much little Tom